docs(ldap): Fixed mistake on group lookup in docs (#1549)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: setup/security/authorization/ldap/index.md

## How Fiat determines group membership
The LDAP provider works by querying the LDAP server utilizing a user as set by the 
[manager-dn and managerPassword](/reference/halyard/commands/#hal-config-security-authz-ldap-edit) and making a 

> query.  This query will use the logged in users username to filter results. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
query that uses the logged-in user's username to filter results. 
```
